Added steps to add benchmarks (#12)
cvxpy/benchmarks: README.md

asv run
asv publish
asv preview
```

> ## Writing a benchmark
> To create and test your own benchmark, you need to follow the following steps:
> - Create a python file in the folder `benchmark/`.
> - Create a class in this file which should be the name of your benchmark. This class would define 2 functions:
>     - `setup()`
>     - `time_compile_problem()`
> - If initialization needs to be performed that should not be included in the timing of the benchmark, include that code in a `setup()` method on the class.
> - The problem compilation statement should be written inside the `time_compile_problem()` method.
> - Run and test the benchmark inside the local environment on your system.
> - Merge and check if it is correctly picked up by `cvxpy/cvxpy` repository and displayed in dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Adding a benchmark
To create and test your own benchmark, you need to perform the following steps:
- Create a python file in the folder `benchmark/`.
- Create a class in this file, with the class name being the name of your benchmark. This class has to define 2 functions:
    - `setup()`
    - `time_compile_problem()`
- Add the definition of the CVXPY problem to the `setup()` function of the class.
- The `time_compile_problem()` function should only contain the call to `get_problem_data`.
- Run and test the benchmark inside the local environment on your system. Ideally, the benchmark should take between 5 and 10 seconds.
- Merge and check if it is correctly picked up by `cvxpy/cvxpy` repository and displayed on the dashboard.
```
